In astropy/utils/data.py, update `_rmtree` to use `shutil.move` instead of `os.rename`. (#13730)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/utils/13730.bugfix.rst

> Update ``_rmtree`` to catch ``OSError`` and use ``shutil.move`` if errno == EXDEV.

Reviewer: Since `_rmtree` is "hidden", it should not be explicitly mentioned like this in a change log. But rather, what do you want the end-user to know about this patch? How is the `data.py` behavior changing for them at a high level?

When using astropy in environments with sparse file systems (e.g. where the temporary directory and astropy data directory resides in different volumes), ``os.rename`` may fail with ``OSError: [Errno 18] Invalid cross-device link``.

> This may affect some clean up operations executed by the ``data`` module, causing them to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This may affect some clean-up operations executed by the ``data`` module, causing them to fail.
```

> This patch is to catch ``OSError`` with ``errno == EXDEV`` (e.g. Errno 18) when performing these operations and try to use ``shutil.move`` to relocate the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This patch is to catch ``OSError`` with ``errno == EXDEV`` (i.e., Errno 18) when performing these operations and try to use ``shutil.move`` instead to relocate the data.
```
